Find some proof that she's betrayed you.
I want to be there when you get what's coming to you.
What do you mean, you've lost the lottery ticket?
If you do this, you will be dead to me.
Were you really spying on me?
Whatever you're going to ask, the answer is No!
I've forgotten what it's like to feel young.
But this is the only thing that's made the last three years bearable.
If only they would just tone it down a bit!
You did a bad thing for a good reason.
She doesn't understand you like I do.
Would you come to my funeral?
Quick, hide behind the sofa!
You have his eyes.
Well, this is where I live.
I thought someone should tell you that your mother has died.
You're too good for this world.
If you leave now, you lose everything.
If you get me his phone, I might reconsider.
You don't want to live in a society like this, yet you don't want to do anything about it!
You must be mad, coming here like this.
Well? What happened? I want all the details!
There's something I need to get off my chest.
My toaster was definitely talking to me this morning.
What do you remember about your mother?
No! I'm tired of doing what you say.
Did you enjoy yourself last night?
Sorry, its just that I get very nervous when someone else is driving.
Don't be scared. I just need you to come with me for a minute.
I hope that what I've said hasn't hurt you too much.
I'm your daughter.
A boy needs his father.
The foodbank was sold out when I got there.
I want to turn back the clock to before...
You were meant to be watching him!
Tell me what you saw, for her sake!
I have to do something to help that child.
If you leave now, you get nothing.
He couldn't have died at a worse time.
How could I abandon my children?
I'm telling you - the guy was a complete stranger, just walked up and gave me the bag.
Please! Stop it! All of you!
Try focussing more on your life and less on mine!
I'm sorry, I didn't know. He told me you were in the past
Go and live with her, then! See if I care.
Nothing's THAT important, you know.
How dare you look down your nose at me like that.
You make me feel like I'm not good enough.
We can't invite her. Mother hates her.
You embarrassed me this evening.
I'm too old to start again.
If only I'd just gone over when she called.
Do you remember we used to do that in school?
What's in that bag and why are you hiding it here?
You had time to call the police. Why didn't you?
You were always the quiet one.
She's old and it's about time she died.
I don't often get the chance to talk to someone like you.
Give me one good reason why I should wear a dress.
Spare some change, please?
I miss moments like this more than anything.
You stand there and accuse me, but where were you at the time?
You're paying a small price compared with what she's going through.
I dread the sound of his key in the lock.
Oh yeah, you really told him, didn't you?
You don't think that was just lemonade in your glass, do you?
I'll find her and bring her home, I promise.
How, exactly, did you think that having an affair would help our marriage?
You must find it before the others do.
Please don't argue. You have to leave right now, you aren't safe here.
Does he know about the baby?
I'm ready to try again, if you are?
There'll be plenty more before this is over.
He was unconscious when I found him
I think the room is bugged.
Am I supposed to be scared now?
I WILL find out who killed my husband, with or without your help.
Perhaps you'll take me out one day - or do I have to make an appointment?
For some reason, I'm attracted to you.
That online course about decoding dog barks has been really handy.
Why would you want to put yourself through something like that?
I did a pregnancy test.
Sweetheart, what did you bury in the garden?
Move away from the door and let me at him.
She's been missing since Friday and you're not worried?
Midnight, on the bridge. Come alone.
Am I under arrest, or not?
Is there something you want to tell me, son?
Have you read the newspaper stories about my wife?
Darling, it's beautiful, thank you!
What a thing to say - and on my birthday!
You should've held the mayo.
This is the only thing that's made the last three years bearable.
I daren't stay long. I just had to see you.
Maybe next time you'll pass the salt.
See if that's bigger than a bread box!
The way you flirt is shameful.
You were always the quiet one.
This is about what's best for all of us.
Now who has the best legs?